readme.md, before:

# Docker LAMP stack for PHP5.3

A development Docker LAMP stack for legacy projects that need PHP5.3.  
It comes bundled with IonCube Loader & Zend Guard Loader to run encrypted modules.  
I use it for OXID eShop projects.  

## Requirements
- docker (ofc)
- docker-compose

## Usage
Just spin it up:

    docker-compose up

and run it in your browser: http://127.0.0.1:8083  
you will see the phpinfo() output.  

To test mysql run: http://127.0.0.1:8083/mysql.php  

To add stuff to the apachephp53 container edit the Dockerfile and rebuild the container:

    docker-compose build apachephp53 

Mysql is configured to accept connections from outside, so we can have a mysql admin from the host.  
I usually import inital data via Mysql Workbench.  
Find the IP of the mysql container:

    docker inspect $(docker ps -q)

Add the IP as host and run Mysql Workbench.  
This is still a bit cumbersome because the IP can change everytime you fire up the container.  
So the host needs to be edited evertime anew.  
Any hints on this are welcome :)

## Todo
- log handling
- fix mysql host access

## Credits
I stole quit a lot from here

- https://github.com/denderello/symfony-docker-example
- http://www.dylanlindgren.com/laravel-development-docker-fig/
- https://github.com/blinkreaction/drude

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Commit message:

first edit ini files then start modules

readme.md, after:

# Docker LAMP stack for PHP5.3

A development Docker LAMP stack for legacy projects that need PHP5.3.  
It comes bundled with IonCube Loader & Zend Guard Loader to run encrypted modules.  
I use it for OXID eShop projects.  

## Requirements
- docker (ofc)
- docker-compose

## Usage
Just spin it up:

    docker-compose up

and run it in your browser: http://127.0.0.1:8083  
you will see the phpinfo() output.  

To test mysql run: http://127.0.0.1:8083/mysql.php  

Put your code in the code folder.  
To add additional php-modules to the apachephp53 container edit the Dockerfile and rebuild the container:

    docker-compose build apachephp53 

Mysql is configured to accept connections from outside, so we can have a mysql admin from the host.  
I usually import inital data via Mysql Workbench.  
Find the IP of the mysql container:

    docker inspect $(docker ps -q)

Add the IP as host and run Mysql Workbench.  
This is still a bit cumbersome because the IP can change everytime you fire up the container.  
So the host needs to be edited evertime anew.  
Any hints on this are welcome :)

## Todo
- log handling
- find out how to have a fixed internal ip for mysql

## Credits
I stole quit a lot from here

- https://github.com/denderello/symfony-docker-example
- http://www.dylanlindgren.com/laravel-development-docker-fig/
- https://github.com/blinkreaction/drude

## License

The MIT License (MIT)
